[Workers] SEO: Add environmental variables (#22161)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/wrangler/configuration.mdx

## Proxy support

> Corporate networks will often have proxies on their networks and this can sometimes cause connectivity issues. To configure Wrangler with the appropriate proxy details, use the below [environmental variables](/workers/configuration/environment-variables/):

Author: ```suggestion
Corporate networks will often have proxies on their networks and this can sometimes cause connectivity issues. To configure Wrangler with the appropriate proxy details, [add the following environmental variables](/workers/configuration/environment-variables/):
```
